Scenarios : 


Blaze Demo Register : 

1.Verify that when User clicks on the Register Link, it should be able to open to Register Home Page . 
2. As it is a registration page all the fields should have asterick mark (in red) just besides all the fields which means every of the Field is mandatory to be filled.
2. Verify that when user fills in all the valid information on the  register page then User should be able to register on the Blaze demo Site. 
3.Verify that the User a link (Registration) should be sen on the mail id of the User once Uer registers to the website.
4.Verify that if an invalid email id is set at the registration page then it should not allow the register the User and throw a Error message saying Invalid Mail ID
5.Verify that is Uer while Registration doesnt Enter the Name and hit the registration button with all the other details , it should throw and error message saying Name field Required.
6.Verify that is Uer while Registration doesnt Enter the Company Name and hit the registration button with all the other details , it should throw and error message saying Name field Required.
8.Verify that if the password and Confirm Password dont match , User should not be allowed to register on the webisite.
9.Verify that User follows al the password guidelines to Enter the Webiste. 
10.Verify that User should be navigated the Travel the Workd Page ,when User clicks on the Blaze Demo Link 
11. While registering , if the browser is lclosed or the Internet connection is lost then , once the user refresh the page or reopen the link,all the details should be blank.
2. User should not be allowed to Copy paste the password in the Confirm Password Text box. 
13. Verify that if the User has already registered in the Webiste with avalid mail id, it should not allowed to register with the same mail id the second time. 
14. user should be allowed to only register the webiste for the second time only if the First Profile created is deleted sucessfully by the User.
15. Once User registers and enters the webiste and clikc the back button on the browser , all the Information should be blank.
16. While Entering the Name , Special characters should not be allowed .

Blaze Demo Login Page : 

1. Verify that user is able to login to the Blaze demo webiste with a valid mail id and password which is registerd on the website.
2.Verify that User should not be abllowed to login inside the system with invalid email id .
3.Verify that User should not be abllowed to login inside the system with valid email id and invalid password. 
4.Verify that if user has clicked Remeber me option, then once User type a word in them mail id password, it should remember its Login ID and password. 
5. Verify that if the Valid Mail id is entered by the User but it is not register then User should be thrown a message saying that the User is not registered. 
6.Verify that the User has forgotten the password and clicks on the Forgot your password Link then User should be redirected to the Forgotten password Link. 
7. Verify that Once User has resetted the password then User should be able to Login the new Password .
8. While Loggin in the Internet connection is lost or the browser is closed , all the details entered while loggin in should be blank. 
9. Verify that User should be navigated the Travel the Workd Page ,when User clicks on the Blaze Demo Link.

Travel the World Page : 

1. Veruf that User is able to Find flights when User click on the Find Flight Button. 
2. Verify that the User is able to Book the flight when all the infrmation is filled for e.g 	Name , State ,City, Zip Code etc. 
3 Once User enters all the fields,and click on the Purchase Flight then User should be able to Purchase the lfight with Time , Auth Code, Booking Id ,Status, Amount etc. 
4. Verify that when the User clicks on the 'destination of the week! The Beach!' then the user should be able to navigate to Destination of the Week page. 
5. Verfy that the all the fields on the booking page should have mandatory asterick mark on it. 
6.Verify that if the User has not entred al the information in the required field and clicks the Purchase Option then missed info feilds should be highlgted in red  with a message t the top saying it should be filled. 
7.Verify that when User clicks on the Remeber Me Option and Enter all the details while booking, Second time all the information should be automatically filled. 
8. Verify that while entering the Credit Card Number the Few of the Digits should be entered with the XX mark and the not the full credit card numbers on it .
10.Verify that if User enters the wrong Credit Card type and Credit number , it should throw an error saying Credit Card Number is incorrect. 
11.Vefify that while entering the Name, specials charasters should be allowed. 
12. SPecial Character should be allowed  for Adress Feilds. 
13.Verify that the Name on the Card, Month ,Date should not mismatch with the Card Details entered by the User. 
14.If there is a fraud on the credit Card and the new Credit number is generated then the Old Infirmation filled by the USer should be considred and null and void.
15. 




